

“Who are the customers for your product and what do they like or not like about your company’s product/service?” Customer Obsession
Currently, my users. Mostly, they love to be served by me as I usually go the extra mile until I can solve the problem for them. Be it a problematic installation, a custom script, or a hardware problem.

yes, one of my largests project / accomplishment was improving the bandwidth and finding ways to cut costs while also getting more for our money, such as switching away from an ISP to another local loop provider and negotiate and helped to renegotiate with other providers like Canon for the uniflow solution, and also with Dell on local discounts leveraged on the fact that even when we can buy globally, it would be more beneficial if the purchase was local (in several aspects, as the company gets the items faster, we build a better purchase history with the provider)

Tell me about the last time you learned something new about technology…..Learn and be Curious
All the time. Recently I implemented Selenium features to automate part of the way I usually have to go when a user needs to have USB unblock via DLP And also for some elementary things like opening vSphere, I created an AutoIt script to streamline the access to the main page of the virtual environment. It's specially handy when we are trying to solve more difficult problems there, so I can concentrate better in the essential stuff.

“Tell me about a time you disagreed with your manager….” Have Backbone, disagree, and commit
I decided it was the best to get rid and do a sale of a residual inventory of monitors that are out of warranty. For some reason, she was not fond of the idea, as the last time the guy who managed it all the last sale of those kind of items in some sense screwed up as he set the only rule of being in the line. Well, it turned out at the time some people were very vocal on the insatisfactory result. This time I finally was able to convince her and I implemented a very simple worksheet magic to let everyone know how they had a fair chance to grab how many monitors they wanted to purchase.

“Have you ever had the chance to alter or create a process that improved workflow?” : Invent and Simplify
Many times! I created a from the scratch web application to lend items to the people at the office. This was a huge relief.
To be timeless and produce the highest possible quality you have to go deep, understand the problem you are trying to solve and solve it once and for all.

On the innovation side, I went to a training by my own account on Design Thinking and then we started to try to capture a systematic approach to innovation. We created a workgroup for support innovation initiatives and from there evolved several interesting projects for the company. My rol in the workgroup is to mentor the other developers in technical aspects of the infrastructure and to handle their requirements to help them to reach the established goals.

“Tell me more about your most recent project” Dive Deep (in other words, don’t just give a top level view—Amazon interviewers will want to hear all the nitty gritty. Why did you choose a particular technology? What were the tradeoffs you considered?)
The asset management.

“What are the advantages/disadvantages of your approach? What were your biggest challenges? What would you change if you could do it over?” Insist on the Highest Standards
Implement everything from the inside without support from the corporate part as they have other priorities and it's not a big pain point for them.

“What was your role on the project?” Ownership (Tip: many candidates like to say “we did this…or we did that…” It’s important to us that we understand what part of the project YOU were responsible for, so it’s okay to say “I did this….my idea was to….I championed this…” Did you reach out to customers? Did you take time to understand what the customers needed before you started the project? Why or why not? Customer Obsession
I did everything.

“Tell me about a time you needed to be proactive about a situation?” Bias for Action—do you wait for someone to tell you what to do? Do you procrastinate until the last minute? Here at Amazon, we value people with a strong bias for action. We have a lot to get done. 
I have done most of the work because my own initiative. My manager sometimes has something with high priority and then I have to reschedule things, but almost all I do is because I understand I have to do it, quickly and well dones.

If you’ll be managing people or serving as a technical lead, mentoring others will be an important part of your role. We’ll have discussions about Hire and Develop the Best. We’ll ask how you help others grow, attract great talent to your team, and how you handle it when a team member may not be meeting expectations. 

I have someone under me and he helps me with help desk duties. I help him to grow setting expectations, putting small automation tasks on him, and when things dont work out for some reason I start by talking as a first step to understand what is going on, usually at first we had very few disagreements, but very respectfully I been able to reason where things need to be corrected by me, or I persuade him. The same for other coworkers, you start to understand and to read the style of different kind of people. For example, last week I had to personally handle a problem with a coworker that was spending too much time on her cellphone.

